docs/devel/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

---
title: Contributing
weight: 50
description: >
  How to contribute to Inspektor Gadget.
---

Here you can learn how you can contribute to Inspektor Gadget.

## Getting started

To better understand how the pieces fit together, we recommend reading the
[architecture](../architecture.md) documentation before starting to play with
Inspektor Gadget.

### Setup developer environment

- [Fork](https://github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget/fork) and clone this repo:
    - `git clone git@github.com:your_account/inspektor-gadget.git`.
- Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/), [Docker Buildx](https://docs.docker.com/buildx/working-with-buildx) and [Golang](https://golang.org/doc/install).
- To be able to cross build our different container images, you will also need [`qemu-user-static`](https://github.com/multiarch/qemu-user-static).

## Building the code

Inspektor Gadget is composed of a client executable that runs on the
operator's machine, and a container image that runs in the Kubernetes
cluster. They can be built together or independently.

### Building the client executable

You can compile the client executable for your platform by running `make kubectl-gadget`.

To cross compile for all supported platforms, you can run `make
kubectl-gadget-all` or select a specific one with `make
kubectl-gadget-linux-amd64` or `make kubectl-gadget-darwin-amd64`.

### Building the gadget container image

Inspektor Gadget provides two different container images:
- gadget-default: Contains CO-RE and BCC gadgets
- gadget-core: Containes only CO-RE gadgets that are integrated with the gadget tracer manager
  * traceloop gadget is not included, it will be included once
    [#371](https://github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget/issues/371) is
    fixed.

You can build and push the container gadget image by running the following commands:

```bash
$ make gadget-default-container # or make gadget-core-container
$ make push-gadget-default-container
```

The eBPF code is built using a Docker container, so you don't have to worry
installing the compilers to build it.

If you push the container images to another registry, you can use the `--image`
argument when deploying to the Kubernetes cluster.

#### Notes

- Using a locally built container image requires pushing it to a container
registry, either local or remote. The default registry can be overridden by
changing the value of the `CONTAINER_REPO` env variable, which defaults to
`ghcr.io/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget` if not defined.
- The compilation uses `tools/image-tag` to choose the tag of the container
image to use according to the branch that you are compiling.
- If you wish to make changes to traceloop program, update
`gadget-default.Dockerfile` to pick your own image of traceloop.
- As for traceloop, it is also possible to change the BCC to be used as
described in [BCC](#Updating-BCC-from-upstream) section.
- You can generate the required BTF information for some well known
  kernel versions by setting `ENABLE_BTFGEN=true`


### Building the eBPF object files

If you need to compile the eBPF code of the gadgets, the ebpf-objects target
will help you in this task:

```bash
$ make ebpf-objects
...
go: downloading github.com/giantswarm/crd-docs-generator v0.7.1
...
Wrote /work/pkg/gadgettracermanager/containers-map/containersmap_bpfel.go
```

### Building `ig`

Inspektor Gadget also provides the [`ig`](../ig.md) tool to
trace containers without Kubernetes. It can be built independently from the
`kubectl-gadget` and the gadget container image.

```bash
$ make ig
```

## Testing

### Development environment on minikube

For faster iteration, it's possible to make changes to Inspektor Gadget and
test them on minikube locally without pushing container images to any
registry.

* Follow the specific [installation instructions](../install.md#minikube) for minikube or use `make minikube-start` to start it.
* Deploy the locally modified version of Inspektor Gadget to an already
  running minikube cluster with `make minikube-deploy`.

### Unit tests

#### Requirements

For running unit tests, the following additional requirements need to be installed and configured on your system: 
- gcc compiler
- `pkg-config` and `libseccomp-dev` libraries

You can run the different unit tests with:

```bash
$ make test
```

### Integration tests

The integration tests use a Kubernetes cluster to deploy and test Inspektor Gadget.
Be sure that you have a valid kubeconfig and run:

```bash
$ export KUBECONFIG=... # not needed if valid config in $HOME/.kube/config
$ make integration-tests
```

### Integration tests for `ig`

#### Kubernetes

The integration tests for `ig` uses minikube for testing different container runtimes.
The default minikube driver used for testing is `docker`. Currently supported
container runtimes are `docker`, `containerd` and `cri-o`. You can start minikube using:

```bash
$ make minikube-start-all
# for single container runtime e.g containerd
$ make CONTAINER_RUNTIME=containerd minikube-start
# for minikube driver other than docker e.g kvm2
$ make MINIKUBE_DRIVER=kvm2 minikube-start
```

And run the test using:

```bash
$ make -C integration/ig/k8s test-all
# for single container runtime e.g containerd
$ make -C integration/ig/k8s CONTAINER_RUNTIME=containerd test
```

if no `CONTAINER_RUNTIME` is specified `docker` will be used as a default runtime.

#### Non-Kubernetes

The `ig` integration tests for non-Kubernetes containers directly interact
with container runtime. The tests assume that you already have the desired container
runtime installed. Currently supported runtime is `docker` only, You can run the test using:

```bash
$ make -C integration/ig/non-k8s test-docker
```

### Benchmarks

You can run the different benchmark tests with:

```bash
$ make gadgets-benchmarks
```

Or you can run an individual test with:

```bash
$ go test -exec sudo \
    -bench='BenchmarkAllGadgetsWithContainers/container10$/trace-tcpconnect' \
    -run=Benchmark \
    ./internal/benchmarks/...
```

Records of previous benchmarks are available [here](https://inspektor-gadget.github.io/ig-benchmarks/dev/bench/index.html).
See details in the [CI documentation (benchmarks)](../ci.md#benchmarks).

#### Explaining performance improvements in a PR

If you want to contribute a performance improvement, it is useful to use benchmarks to explain the impact on
performances. I will use the example of an improvement on the networking gadgets from
[#1430](https://github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget/pull/1430):

* Run the benchmarks both on the `main` and the feature branches and saving the output in two files.
```bash
$ git checkout main
$ go test -exec sudo \
    -bench='^BenchmarkAllGadgetsWithContainers$/^container100$/trace-(dns|sni)' \
    -run=Benchmark \
    ./internal/benchmarks/... \
    -count 10 | tee main.bench
$ git checkout myfeature
$ go test -exec sudo \
    -bench='^BenchmarkAllGadgetsWithContainers$/^container100$/trace-(dns|sni)' \
    -run=Benchmark \
    ./internal/benchmarks/... \
    -count 10 | tee patched.bench
```

Please use `-count` to gather a statistically significant sample of results.
The [benchstat's documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/golang.org/x/perf/cmd/benchstat) recommends 10 times.

* Compare the results with `benchstat`:
```bash
$ go install golang.org/x/perf/cmd/benchstat@latest # if not already installed
$ benchstat main.bench patched.bench
goos: linux
goarch: amd64
pkg: github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget/internal/benchmarks
cpu: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-6500U CPU @ 2.50GHz
                                                  │ main.bench  │           patched.bench            │
                                                  │   sec/op    │   sec/op    vs base                │
AllGadgetsWithContainers/container100/trace-dns-4   2.941 ±  3%   1.489 ± 4%  -49.38% (p=0.000 n=10)
AllGadgetsWithContainers/container100/trace-sni-4   4.440 ± 19%   1.495 ± 6%  -66.34% (p=0.000 n=10)
geomean                                             3.613         1.492       -58.72%
```

* Include the commands used and the output of `benchstat` in your pull request description

### Continuous Integration

Inspektor Gadget uses GitHub Actions as CI. Please check dedicated [CI
documentation](../ci.md) for details.

## Contribution Guidelines

### Code of Conduct

Please refer to the Kinvolk
[Code of Conduct](https://github.com/kinvolk/contribution/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

### Authoring PRs

For making PRs/commits consistent and easier to review, please check out
Kinvolk's [contribution guidelines on git](https://github.com/kinvolk/contribution/blob/master/topics/git.md).

### Good first issues

If you're looking where to start, you can check the issues with the
`good first issue` label on
[Inspektor Gadget](https://github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22) or
[traceloop](https://github.com/kinvolk/traceloop/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22).
Don't hesitate to
[talk to us](https://github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget#discussions)
if you need further help.

### Proposing new features

If you want to propose a new feature or do a big change in the architecture
it's highly recommended to open an issue first to discuss it with the team.

### Writing tests

We use `github.com/stretchr/testify` to make tests less verbose.

## Planning

Our planning is published through two different project boards:

 * [Inspektor Gadget Roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/kinvolk/projects/22/views/1)
   has the high level view of the big issues that we are planning to tackle
   in the upcoming months.
 * [Inspektor Gadget Sprint Planning](https://github.com/orgs/kinvolk/projects/29/views/2)
   has the week-to-week plans of which bugs we are currently working on,
   and the different priorities of the issues involved.

## BCC

### Porting BCC gadgets

This project uses some gadgets from [BCC](https://github.com/iovisor/bcc/).
Instead of keeping our patched versions, we prefer to make those gadgets
suitable to be used with Inspektor Gadget by contributing to the upstream project.

A BCC gadget has to provide a
[filtering mechanism](https://github.com/iovisor/bcc/blob/master/docs/special_filtering.md)
by cgroup id and mount namespace id in order to be compatible with Inspektor Gadget.
You can get some inspiration from the
[opensnoop](https://github.com/iovisor/bcc/blob/8cd2717de91983aeeadefd0886031bd4d8e920ee/tools/opensnoop.py#L127) and
[execsnoop](https://github.com/iovisor/bcc/blob/8cd2717de91983aeeadefd0886031bd4d8e920ee/tools/execsnoop.py#L149)
implementations to port a different BCC gadget.

Once the gadget has been updated in the BCC repo, it can be added to Inspektor
Gadget by filling a PR adding the gadget to
[`cmd/kubectl-gadget/bcck8s.go`](https://github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget/blob/0cf97d9ea6432f080eafa1a3280f3447085ea96a/cmd/kubectl-gadget/bcck8s.go#L26).
The [add gadget bindsnoop](https://github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget/pull/35/files#diff-f616fa5f11da59a9ae7344d196bbf357R40-R43)
PR is an example of it.

The [adding new BCC-based gadgets in Inspektor Gadget](https://kinvolk.io/blog/2020/04/adding-new-bcc-based-gadgets-in-inspektor-gadget/)
blogpost presents some more details about this process.

### Updating BCC from upstream

As you can see in `gadget-default.Dockerfile`, the gadget container image
uses the BCC container image as its parent image.
Given that there is not an official container repository to get that BCC image,
we keep a synchronised [Kinvolk BCC fork](https://github.com/kinvolk/bcc)
that is configured to publish the images on Kinvolk container registries
[Quay](https://quay.io/repository/kinvolk/bcc) and
[Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/kinvolk/bcc/), by using the
[Github actions](https://github.com/iovisor/bcc/blob/master/.github/workflows/publish.yml)
already available in [BCC upstream](https://github.com/iovisor/bcc).

Given that, if you want to update the BCC version used by Inspektor Gadget,
it is necessary to first update the
[Kinvolk BCC fork](https://github.com/kinvolk/bcc)
so that the Github actions are triggered, and a new image is published.
Once the image is available in registries, you have to update
`gadget-default.Dockerfile` so that it uses the just created image, same goes for local
compilation with `gadget-local.Dockerfile`. The
[Update BCC container image](https://github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget/pull/190)
PR is an example of it.

Currently, we use Docker Hub to pull the BCC image when building the gadget
container image. Notice we do not use the `latest` tag because it is overwritten
after each push on master branch. Instead, we use the
[stable unique tags](https://github.com/elgohr/Publish-Docker-Github-Action#snapshot)
that are named with format: `<Timestamp><Commit-SHA>`. For instance, tag
`202107061407494e8e8c` describes that it was created in 2021-07-06 at 14:07:49
from commit SHA starting with `4e8e8c`.

Commit message:

Add support for crun and podman
runcfanotify adds support for crun.

runtime-client adds support for podman

docs/devel/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

---
title: Contributing
weight: 50
description: >
  How to contribute to Inspektor Gadget.
---

Here you can learn how you can contribute to Inspektor Gadget.

## Getting started

To better understand how the pieces fit together, we recommend reading the
[architecture](../architecture.md) documentation before starting to play with
Inspektor Gadget.

### Setup developer environment

- [Fork](https://github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget/fork) and clone this repo:
    - `git clone git@github.com:your_account/inspektor-gadget.git`.
- Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/), [Docker Buildx](https://docs.docker.com/buildx/working-with-buildx) and [Golang](https://golang.org/doc/install).
- To be able to cross build our different container images, you will also need [`qemu-user-static`](https://github.com/multiarch/qemu-user-static).

## Building the code

Inspektor Gadget is composed of a client executable that runs on the
operator's machine, and a container image that runs in the Kubernetes
cluster. They can be built together or independently.

### Building the client executable

You can compile the client executable for your platform by running `make kubectl-gadget`.

To cross compile for all supported platforms, you can run `make
kubectl-gadget-all` or select a specific one with `make
kubectl-gadget-linux-amd64` or `make kubectl-gadget-darwin-amd64`.

### Building the gadget container image

Inspektor Gadget provides two different container images:
- gadget-default: Contains CO-RE and BCC gadgets
- gadget-core: Containes only CO-RE gadgets that are integrated with the gadget tracer manager
  * traceloop gadget is not included, it will be included once
    [#371](https://github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget/issues/371) is
    fixed.

You can build and push the container gadget image by running the following commands:

```bash
$ make gadget-default-container # or make gadget-core-container
$ make push-gadget-default-container
```

The eBPF code is built using a Docker container, so you don't have to worry
installing the compilers to build it.

If you push the container images to another registry, you can use the `--image`
argument when deploying to the Kubernetes cluster.

#### Notes

- Using a locally built container image requires pushing it to a container
registry, either local or remote. The default registry can be overridden by
changing the value of the `CONTAINER_REPO` env variable, which defaults to
`ghcr.io/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget` if not defined.
- The compilation uses `tools/image-tag` to choose the tag of the container
image to use according to the branch that you are compiling.
- If you wish to make changes to traceloop program, update
`gadget-default.Dockerfile` to pick your own image of traceloop.
- As for traceloop, it is also possible to change the BCC to be used as
described in [BCC](#Updating-BCC-from-upstream) section.
- You can generate the required BTF information for some well known
  kernel versions by setting `ENABLE_BTFGEN=true`


### Building the eBPF object files

If you need to compile the eBPF code of the gadgets, the ebpf-objects target
will help you in this task:

```bash
$ make ebpf-objects
...
go: downloading github.com/giantswarm/crd-docs-generator v0.7.1
...
Wrote /work/pkg/gadgettracermanager/containers-map/containersmap_bpfel.go
```

### Building `ig`

Inspektor Gadget also provides the [`ig`](../ig.md) tool to
trace containers without Kubernetes. It can be built independently from the
`kubectl-gadget` and the gadget container image.

```bash
$ make ig
```

### Build Tags

Inspektor Gadgets uses build tags to skip building some parts of the code. Currently, this is used for [podman](https://github.com/containers/podman/tree/v4.5.0/pkg/bindings)
since it requires passing tags (`exclude_graphdriver_btrfs exclude_graphdriver_devicemapper containers_image_openpgp`) to skip [container/image](https://github.com/containers/image) and
[container/storage](https://github.com/containers/storage) features not used by us. In case you want to build with full podman support please refer to
[podman build requirements](https://podman.io/getting-started/installation#building-from-scratch) to install the required dependencies.

## Testing

### Development environment on minikube

For faster iteration, it's possible to make changes to Inspektor Gadget and
test them on minikube locally without pushing container images to any
registry.

* Follow the specific [installation instructions](../install.md#minikube) for minikube or use `make minikube-start` to start it.
* Deploy the locally modified version of Inspektor Gadget to an already
  running minikube cluster with `make minikube-deploy`.

### Unit tests

#### Requirements

For running unit tests, the following additional requirements need to be installed and configured on your system: 
- gcc compiler
- `pkg-config` and `libseccomp-dev` libraries

You can run the different unit tests with:

```bash
$ make test
```

### Integration tests

The integration tests use a Kubernetes cluster to deploy and test Inspektor Gadget.
Be sure that you have a valid kubeconfig and run:

```bash
$ export KUBECONFIG=... # not needed if valid config in $HOME/.kube/config
$ make integration-tests
```

### Integration tests for `ig`

#### Kubernetes

The integration tests for `ig` uses minikube for testing different container runtimes.
The default minikube driver used for testing is `docker`. Currently supported
container runtimes are `docker`, `containerd` and `cri-o`. You can start minikube using:

```bash
$ make minikube-start-all
# for single container runtime e.g containerd
$ make CONTAINER_RUNTIME=containerd minikube-start
# for minikube driver other than docker e.g kvm2
$ make MINIKUBE_DRIVER=kvm2 minikube-start
```

And run the test using:

```bash
$ make -C integration/ig/k8s test-all
# for single container runtime e.g containerd
$ make -C integration/ig/k8s CONTAINER_RUNTIME=containerd test
```

if no `CONTAINER_RUNTIME` is specified `docker` will be used as a default runtime.

#### Non-Kubernetes

The `ig` integration tests for non-Kubernetes containers directly interact
with container runtime. The tests assume that you already have the desired container
runtime installed. Currently supported runtime is `docker` only, You can run the test using:

```bash
$ make -C integration/ig/non-k8s test-docker
```

### Benchmarks

You can run the different benchmark tests with:

```bash
$ make gadgets-benchmarks
```

Or you can run an individual test with:

```bash
$ go test -exec sudo \
    -bench='BenchmarkAllGadgetsWithContainers/container10$/trace-tcpconnect' \
    -run=Benchmark \
    ./internal/benchmarks/...
```

Records of previous benchmarks are available [here](https://inspektor-gadget.github.io/ig-benchmarks/dev/bench/index.html).
See details in the [CI documentation (benchmarks)](../ci.md#benchmarks).

#### Explaining performance improvements in a PR

If you want to contribute a performance improvement, it is useful to use benchmarks to explain the impact on
performances. I will use the example of an improvement on the networking gadgets from
[#1430](https://github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget/pull/1430):

* Run the benchmarks both on the `main` and the feature branches and saving the output in two files.
```bash
$ git checkout main
$ go test -exec sudo \
    -bench='^BenchmarkAllGadgetsWithContainers$/^container100$/trace-(dns|sni)' \
    -run=Benchmark \
    ./internal/benchmarks/... \
    -count 10 | tee main.bench
$ git checkout myfeature
$ go test -exec sudo \
    -bench='^BenchmarkAllGadgetsWithContainers$/^container100$/trace-(dns|sni)' \
    -run=Benchmark \
    ./internal/benchmarks/... \
    -count 10 | tee patched.bench
```

Please use `-count` to gather a statistically significant sample of results.
The [benchstat's documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/golang.org/x/perf/cmd/benchstat) recommends 10 times.

* Compare the results with `benchstat`:
```bash
$ go install golang.org/x/perf/cmd/benchstat@latest # if not already installed
$ benchstat main.bench patched.bench
goos: linux
goarch: amd64
pkg: github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget/internal/benchmarks
cpu: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-6500U CPU @ 2.50GHz
                                                  │ main.bench  │           patched.bench            │
                                                  │   sec/op    │   sec/op    vs base                │
AllGadgetsWithContainers/container100/trace-dns-4   2.941 ±  3%   1.489 ± 4%  -49.38% (p=0.000 n=10)
AllGadgetsWithContainers/container100/trace-sni-4   4.440 ± 19%   1.495 ± 6%  -66.34% (p=0.000 n=10)
geomean                                             3.613         1.492       -58.72%
```

* Include the commands used and the output of `benchstat` in your pull request description

### Continuous Integration

Inspektor Gadget uses GitHub Actions as CI. Please check dedicated [CI
documentation](../ci.md) for details.

## Contribution Guidelines

### Code of Conduct

Please refer to the Kinvolk
[Code of Conduct](https://github.com/kinvolk/contribution/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

### Authoring PRs

For making PRs/commits consistent and easier to review, please check out
Kinvolk's [contribution guidelines on git](https://github.com/kinvolk/contribution/blob/master/topics/git.md).

### Good first issues

If you're looking where to start, you can check the issues with the
`good first issue` label on
[Inspektor Gadget](https://github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22) or
[traceloop](https://github.com/kinvolk/traceloop/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22).
Don't hesitate to
[talk to us](https://github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget#discussions)
if you need further help.

### Proposing new features

If you want to propose a new feature or do a big change in the architecture
it's highly recommended to open an issue first to discuss it with the team.

### Writing tests

We use `github.com/stretchr/testify` to make tests less verbose.

## Planning

Our planning is published through two different project boards:

 * [Inspektor Gadget Roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/kinvolk/projects/22/views/1)
   has the high level view of the big issues that we are planning to tackle
   in the upcoming months.
 * [Inspektor Gadget Sprint Planning](https://github.com/orgs/kinvolk/projects/29/views/2)
   has the week-to-week plans of which bugs we are currently working on,
   and the different priorities of the issues involved.

## BCC

### Porting BCC gadgets

This project uses some gadgets from [BCC](https://github.com/iovisor/bcc/).
Instead of keeping our patched versions, we prefer to make those gadgets
suitable to be used with Inspektor Gadget by contributing to the upstream project.

A BCC gadget has to provide a
[filtering mechanism](https://github.com/iovisor/bcc/blob/master/docs/special_filtering.md)
by cgroup id and mount namespace id in order to be compatible with Inspektor Gadget.
You can get some inspiration from the
[opensnoop](https://github.com/iovisor/bcc/blob/8cd2717de91983aeeadefd0886031bd4d8e920ee/tools/opensnoop.py#L127) and
[execsnoop](https://github.com/iovisor/bcc/blob/8cd2717de91983aeeadefd0886031bd4d8e920ee/tools/execsnoop.py#L149)
implementations to port a different BCC gadget.

Once the gadget has been updated in the BCC repo, it can be added to Inspektor
Gadget by filling a PR adding the gadget to
[`cmd/kubectl-gadget/bcck8s.go`](https://github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget/blob/0cf97d9ea6432f080eafa1a3280f3447085ea96a/cmd/kubectl-gadget/bcck8s.go#L26).
The [add gadget bindsnoop](https://github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget/pull/35/files#diff-f616fa5f11da59a9ae7344d196bbf357R40-R43)
PR is an example of it.

The [adding new BCC-based gadgets in Inspektor Gadget](https://kinvolk.io/blog/2020/04/adding-new-bcc-based-gadgets-in-inspektor-gadget/)
blogpost presents some more details about this process.

### Updating BCC from upstream

As you can see in `gadget-default.Dockerfile`, the gadget container image
uses the BCC container image as its parent image.
Given that there is not an official container repository to get that BCC image,
we keep a synchronised [Kinvolk BCC fork](https://github.com/kinvolk/bcc)
that is configured to publish the images on Kinvolk container registries
[Quay](https://quay.io/repository/kinvolk/bcc) and
[Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/kinvolk/bcc/), by using the
[Github actions](https://github.com/iovisor/bcc/blob/master/.github/workflows/publish.yml)
already available in [BCC upstream](https://github.com/iovisor/bcc).

Given that, if you want to update the BCC version used by Inspektor Gadget,
it is necessary to first update the
[Kinvolk BCC fork](https://github.com/kinvolk/bcc)
so that the Github actions are triggered, and a new image is published.
Once the image is available in registries, you have to update
`gadget-default.Dockerfile` so that it uses the just created image, same goes for local
compilation with `gadget-local.Dockerfile`. The
[Update BCC container image](https://github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget/pull/190)
PR is an example of it.

Currently, we use Docker Hub to pull the BCC image when building the gadget
container image. Notice we do not use the `latest` tag because it is overwritten
after each push on master branch. Instead, we use the
[stable unique tags](https://github.com/elgohr/Publish-Docker-Github-Action#snapshot)
that are named with format: `<Timestamp><Commit-SHA>`. For instance, tag
`202107061407494e8e8c` describes that it was created in 2021-07-06 at 14:07:49
from commit SHA starting with `4e8e8c`.
